<html py:extends="master.xhtml" py:strip="True">
    <head py:block="head" py:strip="True">
        <title py:block="master_title">BlockMRS</title>
    </head>

    <body py:block="body" py:strip="True">
      <div class="row">
        <div class="col-md-12">
          <div class="jumbotron">
            <h1>Introducing BlockMRS</h1>
            <p>
              BlockMRS is a privacy concious, decentralized, blockchain-backed,
              medical record system for the 21st Century.
            </p>
            <p>
              It stores patient records in IPFS using state-of-the art
              asymetric encryption giving patients control over their health
              data.
            </p>
            <p>
              <a class="btn btn-primary btn-lg sign-up" href="${tg.url('/login?signup=True')}" target="_blank">
                ${h.icon('book')} Sign Up
              </a>
            </p>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>

      <div class="row">
        <div class="col-md-4">
          <h3>Privacy Concious</h3>
          <p>
            BlockMRS is designed with the patient's privacy in mind.  BlockMRS
            generates a new public-private key for every transaction on the
            blockchain and each block has a constant size. This ensures that
            malicious actors cannot infer anything about a patient by
            inspecting the blockchain.
          </p>
        </div>

        <div class="col-md-4">
          <h3>Distributed</h3>
          <p>
            BlockMRS uses a distrubuted filesystem called <i>InterPlanetary
              File System (IPFS)</i> to store medical records. This creates a
            common way for medical service providers to access the latest,
            up-to-date patient data.
          </p>
        </div>

        <div class="col-md-4">
          <h3>Blockchain-Backed</h3>
          <p>
            BlockMRS takes advantage of the latest blockchain technology to
            allow for seamless transfer of medical data. Blocks on the
            blockchain are signed and ecrypted to ensure authenticity and
            privacy.
          </p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </body>
</html>
